Now, in the last example,
we constructed a tree with categorical features,
namely gender and occupation,
but we can also create a tree with continuous features.
Let's go to this example,
which you may see in other parts of this class.
The example is an Admissions Office which takes two pieces of data from the students,
their score in a test and their grades,
and the better they do on them,
the more likely that they'll be accepted at a university.
So in here, the blue points are accepted and the red points are rejected,
and our model will have the task of determining
a rule for future students to be accepted or rejected.
So, let's ask the same question as before.
Between grades and tests,
which one determines student acceptance better?
And in order to help you out,
let me translate this sentence into graphical terms.
Since test is the horizontal axis and grades is the vertical axis,
then the question becomes,
between a horizontal and a vertical line,
which one would cut the data in a better way,
namely separating the red and the blue points as much as possible? Give this one a try.